Oh
well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again so tonight well we're gonna do
something a little different now when I
was in high school my best friend was a
girl named Amber and we stayed friends
through well for a long time actually
and as as we got older you know got
married all of that stuff but we still
we still stayed friends and when she was
going through a divorce you know we
started talking again or regularly and
one night her husband came over and shot
her and killed her so since then
domestic violence shelters have been a
favorite charity of mine there's one
nearby the shelter house in Northwest
Florida if you want to check it out it's
shelter house in WFL org and they do a
whole lot now if you don't know what
these things are when somebody's leaving
an abusive relationship that's the
single most dangerous time that's when
things can really spin out of control
these shelters allow people to go to
them and they're they're really like
safe houses it's very hard to find out
where the people are now this one in
addition to having all of the normal
functions they also have a an animal
shelter because one of the reasons that
people don't leave when they're in a
situation like that is well they're
worried that the abuser will do
something to the animal so shelter house
will get rid of that reason and they
started an animal shelter too they also
provide
provide kits for survivors of sexual
assault at the hospitals give them
clothing new clothes stuff like that
stuff that they would want it's a really
great organization and now they they
need some stuff and we're gonna get them
for and by we I mean us and that's that
that's where the live chat that money's
gonna help help get some of the stuff
they need now initially we were gonna
get Christmas presents for all the kids
that were in the in the facilities but
the Marines you know first to go last to
know had no idea that that was going on
so Toys for Tots took care of the
younger kids and we're going to help the
teens because sometimes they get left
out in the lurch and then if we get
enough we will also will also go through
and help you some other supplies they
need so that's that's where we're at
today and that's what we're going to be
doing so any of the super chat that
comes in is that's what it's going to go
to so I'm trying to catch up on the chat
how are you all doing tonight
where can we donate use yeah use the
super chat use the super chat hopefully
that's an option now obviously in case
you haven't seen it I just put up a
video about the report coming out from
Afghanistan and thank you Monica hey
thank you nope ninja all right now at
least I know it works that's getting
worried there for a second
and
okay so if you don't have anything right
now you could go to shelter house NW FL
or go to I want to give and then it'll
have a list of options it have stuff
they need some of the stuff they need
it's like old cell phones and you can
just mail it to them because they turn
those and they reactivate them or they
just use them for 9-1-1 calls
so it helps people escape it helps
people escape that's really important if
you don't have money now because we're
right before Christmas and you'll have
some later
they have cool little tiered things
there where you can make donations and
and it gives you an idea of what you
know twenty-five dollars will actually
do and it's a you'd be surprised at how
just a few bucks here and there can
really add up skimming through the the
questions now he anything Heath is
actually extremely helpful so what we're
hoping to do is get get the Christmas
presents for the teens they are in
needed cleaning supplies pretty badly as
well
they had a food drive recently and they
got a bunch of food but cleaning
supplies got left out of it and then
boardgames was something that was on the
list and one thing I should point out to
those people who I'm certain will turn
in
just because tune in just because they
hate me shelter house does in no way
endorse me in fact they're only vaguely
aware that this is happening and that's
something I do so no organization I
support can get blamed for something I
say it's a fantastic thing hey Michael
nice to see you're Evan
Thank You Malachi now if there's
anything y'all want to talk about other
than just hearing the rambo while we're
doing this that you know feel free to
ask a
or time somebody chimed in with
something yeah YouTube does take a cut
of this and it does take 30 days to get
it basically we're gonna front the money
until it comes in and YouTube does take
a cut that that's true and when what we
what I've kind of realized from doing
this on in other places is if it's right
here in the in the live stream people
are more likely to do it and it actually
makes up for the percentage that they
take but that is that is a reality
YouTube does take the cut of this it
would be great if at some point they had
a feature that was for charity drives
where they didn't or took a smaller cut
or whatever Bob so let's see what do I
think of noam chomsky read him pretty
often actually I think the hearing today
it's we're gonna see more and more of
the same stuff and it's going to get
more inflammatory in defense because the
longer it goes on the harder it is to
the harder it is to defend some of the
stuff that it's coming out and see a lot
of people have asked me about the
YouTube walkout now if you don't know
there are a lot of creators who are
going to be taking a few days off from
YouTube it's kinda to send a message
about some of the stuff that's going on
I am not sure if I'm participating in it
it starts tomorrow so I probably should
have figured that out before now I know
that I have one video that will for
certain be uploaded during that period
it's a conversation between myself and
somebody that's participating that kind
of helps explain what's going on
now if I
I guess I don't this kind of becoming an
addiction for me you know I've always
been a workaholic at now so I'm not 100%
sure that I will be able to take three
days off I might try but I don't know
I'm still kind of decided on that one
but I don't want it to seem like me
uploading is not it means I don't
support what they're doing I think they
have a very valid point and and there
are there's always criticism anytime
anybody does any form of activists
endeavor and there's been criticism of
this some of it
it's valence some of it isn't I mean
yeah there is no a few youtubers taken a
few days off is not going to
YouTube that's not gonna happen
but it may help draw attention to it and
in this case that's what they're trying
to do Michael Giza I'm still trying to
get you to talk about how as a truck
driver can help asylum seekers I'm not
sure what you're looking for there there
are there are organizations that have
been sending stuff to the facilities for
them sometimes ice except it's sometimes
they don't so I don't know and I don't
know what the I don't know what the
requirements are I don't know why
sometimes they appear to accept the
donations for the asylum seekers and
sometimes they don't I wish I knew I'm
not sure they know it may be case by
case facility by facility over the new
algorithm I'm gonna let them explain
that whether or not the what the walkout
is about one of the one of the people
that I think most of y'all would
actually know is gonna be the one
talking about it tomorrow the the video
was actually recorded like a week ago
let's see make sure I take the 24 25th
and 26th off do you or have you ever had
a pet Bobcat if that's the photo I'm
thinking of that's a wolf that's not a
bobcat otherwise no I've never had a bet
Bobcat considered Vin mo PayPal for we
were supposed to set up a direct PayPal
thing there in the last one we didn't is
there any way for those involved in
obstruction of justice and Congress to
be held accountable after Trump's
administration is out without there
being an accusation of jailing political
opponents yes
and that is something that can be done
whether or not it will is an entirely
different matter because there's gonna
be a lot of people on the Democratic
side of the aisle they don't want that
precedent set but let's do patreon
exclusive videos for three days and
Facebook I get what you're saying
thank you thank you bottle lightning
okay so if you're just joining us we
just had a few more people trying on the
super jet tonight are going to go to buy
presents for children that are in
domestic violence shelters so that's
that's where we're going tonight since
we've got you here I'll go ahead and
tell you we are already setting up the
item thank you we're setting up the set
for the the children's channel that is
going to become a thing and I was
actually hoping to watch it tomorrow
but that's probably not gonna happen but
we'll see it should be coming soon and
we'll just we'll see if we can get any
traction with it because there's gonna
be a huge gap of content for children
that is going to be worth anything what
church do you expect just McConnell to
have during the impeachment I think
they're gonna probably bring in okay the
question was what tricks do I foresee
McConnell using I think they're gonna
bring in a lot of witnesses that have
nothing to do with the impeachment it
seems that their strategy is to talk
about Biden as much as humanly possible
and and try to muddy the waters so I
would imagine seeing a whole bunch of
people that have absolutely nothing to
do with the president's alleged abuse of
power somebody asks they said they had a
clothing company of clothing business
how can i donate items to your calls
forged for freedom check the shelter
house website shelter house Northwest
Florida org and they have all kinds of
stuff at different ways that you can do
things in the past we have had people
just send in the cell phones they may
need clothes they will probably I would
imagine that they need clothes for
interviews because a lot of times when
people have to separate from a situation
like this they're leaving everything
they there they have to leave their job
because the abuser knows where they work
they have to they have to change their
entire life it's like going into witness
protection so they may need clothing for
interviews because a lot of times when
people pack up and go they're thinking
about the immediate and they may not
realize what they're gonna need in the
future
Thank You Barbara Gregory thank you
Osama number five now one of the things
while we have a role in questions I
think one of the things about this is
the way we talk about it and a lot of
the things that we say when we're
talking about domestic violence is that
we actually joke about it at times and
sometimes we don't mean to it's a lot
like what happened at the gas station
it's offhand you know and we say
something like you know well if my wife
cheated on me I'd kill her or something
crazy like that you don't actually mean
it but it helps normalize it and then
there are people that do it and when we
talk about it in the u.s. we refer to it
as you know domestic violence where we
give it some colloquial term I think
that we should use the term that
generates the proper emotion honor
killing so what it is we pretend like we
don't have these problems here but it's
kind of the same thing and it's
something that I think might be able to
drive the point home to a lot of people
Thank You D porch
Adam sani Benjamin Moore sent everything
that that is Benjamin how are you doing
let's see Brady
Bossier poker
let's see Chris cab thank you to all of
you guys I live in Florida but
surrounded by trumpet die people I saw
yeah I know a couple of people that got
rid of theirs and I feel like now maybe
I should have done that how do you think
historians will calculate the USS body
count in the millions I don't know it's
one of those things when you look back
and people are talking about what a
system did when people talk about
communism they include people that
starved but when people talk about
capitalism they don't include those
it's a hindsight thing I'm not sure how
the American Empire will be viewed and
how it will be looked at how they'll
calculate the costs because there are a
lot of them now there the United States
has been a force for good and a force
for evil I don't know how it's gonna
balance now I don't know how that's
gonna be viewed well we'll have to see
we'll have to see
I'd be interested I mean none of us will
ever get to find out but I would be very
interested how this Empire is viewed
after it falls you know eventually will
no matter what the north hawk thank you
I hope it's reaching those who need it
most - I really do mr. horn thank you
Eric when it's it's hard to keep up but
that is fantastic and we will we'll post
a little video about where all this
money is going and what's going on like
as far as what we were able to get with
it and kind of take care of everything
so you guys at least there's some
accountability on my end
do you support GOP going to jail for not
responding to Congress that depends that
depends a if the person is a private
citizen and they get the subpoena and
they say and they actually respond by
saying I'm just gonna plead the fifth
everything they have a right to do that
I don't know that that should be a crime
if they're currently employed by the US
government and Congress wants to talk to
them and they say no see how that should
be a cry I mean that's that's kind of
like their whole job how concerned
should I be for my son and listed under
this president depends on what your son
does you know it depends on what what
the MOS is what his specialty is a lot
of times Thank You Ruth a lot of times
people are worried and the job specialty
that their their child has chosen is
something that never sees the front
lines but as far as deployment I I can
imagine that a lot of people I mean we
have constant deployments we've had them
for twenty years and we'll keep having
them for awhile they'll shift I think
that we'll see a shift from the Middle
East to Africa here very shortly but I
don't see any any slowdown in the number
of deployments okay for those that are
just joining because it looks like we've
got another 70 or so viewers the Super
chats tonight are going to go to help
out a domestic violence shelter
some of the things they need so if you
want to contribute that that's that's
how you can do that the first priority
is getting Christmas presents for teens
who will be in the facility over the
over the holidays how do we submit
content for you to do a video on Twitter
Facebook are the most immediate you can
get you can send it via the email the
contact form on the actual website but
honestly that takes so long by the time
I get most of those it's it's stale it's
not a topic that anybody's talking about
anymore I try to get through Thank You
Taylor I try to get through the the
messages on Twitter and on Facebook
every night I miss some do not feel bad
about sending something twice if I
haven't responded or at least you
haven't seen that I've read it in a
couple of days send it again
please talk to us about our Trump and
Fox loving relatives when we have to be
with the family gatherings ask questions
rather than make statements and and go
that route use this the Socratic method
thank you a voice for reason go through
and also bribing me for another campfire
video done
god I've got one planet thank you
patricia mccurdy oh darn I messed the
bed thank you
the
so yeah when you're talking to your
family ask questions use the Socratic
method and just keep asking you know
just don't don't be argumentative well
you know he you know by did all of this
stuff is that what he explained exactly
what he did he well they said that he
abused his power and tried to get
Ukraine to do this and it personally
benefited how is that different than
what Trump did I'm confused and don't
say it in a an accusatory manner just
ask the question and see how they
respond normally they're probably still
gonna get mad but if you're gonna talk
about politics over the holidays they're
gonna get bad anyway so at least try to
try to downplay your culpability Anna
what about the civil war talk I don't
see that as a reality thank you truck
wolf I don't see they have this image
and it's that somehow they're gonna
start a civil war over Trump the the
reality of that happening is slim data
that's not gonna be something that's
going to be very likely simply because
we're not divided up geographically I
mean what are they gonna do go after
Democrats and it wouldn't be a war we
we'd be talking about murder and as
crazy as some of them seem in their
rhetoric I don't think that that's a
reality I think there's a lot of anger
there's a lot of lashing out but I don't
see any organization that is going into
that that's gonna be able to pull that
together and I from those groups that
I've seen I don't think many of them
understand the response that would come
from the US government in that situation
or understand how to deal with that
response to their advantage so I just I
I don't see it as a reality
let's see I've been posting at a 3% of
group how best would you spread
anti-trump rhetoric that would resonate
with so three percenters care primarily
about firearms rights secondary to that
is the Constitution in general show
where he's violated the Constitution and
there are numerous places show those
that that would that would be where I
would go with
I want to thank for everybody who is
chiming in it we've had more people join
super chats tonight are going to help
out a domestic violence shelter so open
your open your wallet if you can I
wanted to ask you what do you do when
history gets you down because it seemed
cycles repeat I make a video you know I
get thanked a lot for these at times
yeah in some ways this is therapy for me
just as much as it is I'll pick to get a
message out
to what extent do you think we can apply
our modern morals to past events it
depends on what the moral is depends on
what the morals is there are some things
that are universally wrong they all and
they should have always been viewed that
way some things a little different you
know things like child labor laws for
example it's hard to look back and say
well this was always wrong because it
wasn't there was a time when when
children had to help for survivals sake
when you're talking about a lot of other
events
it was always wrong it was wrong then
and they knew it was wrong so it's more
of a case by case and then we also have
to gauge it in where they sat at the
time it happened you know Thomas
Jefferson is one who is faulted a great
deal for his stances on of slavery but
when you compare him to his
contemporaries
the guy was an abolitionist almost it's
it's weird because he was very flawed
and did a lot of horrible stuff I mean
horrible stuff but at the same time in a
lot of ways he kind of sparked a lot of
the talk at least in political circles
so it's it's unique
thank you proud communists are you gonna
get more active on discord yeah I mean
eventually if I keep every time I get to
the point where I'm like hey I've got
time to do this you know I jump into oh
well we need to start a kids Channel but
yeah I've got to try to come up with a
time to like schedule actually schedule
anything but I'm gonna try to schedule
some times each week to do various tasks
on different social media so I could be
there more often thank you
get the pitch for
chronic a thank you
Minnesota Northland thank you do you
think is a cute conspiracy theorist yes
yeah I do I do
III can actually picture him sitting
around a table with a bunch of
administration officials trying to
figure out who Q is that's I definitely
believe that there are a number of
things that he said over time to kind of
lean that direction what is discord it's
a chat server okay if you're my age or
older it's basically AOL the AOL chat
rooms in in in something called discord
they're very similar
thoughts on unionizing prisoners it's
dangerous that's that's something that
they're going to have to decide to do
there the repercussions for something
like that can be pretty severe at times
so thank you B Smith Thank You B Smith
do you think a Sanders presidency will
inspire workers to demand more rights
and more grassroot movements yes
absolutely I definitely would see that
as an outcome because I partially
because of what he says and he'll have a
larger platform to say and partially
because of the things that he wouldn't
be able to get accomplished I know that
sounds weird
you know bernie is not actually a savior
I think that his heart is on the right
place and I think that he can get a lot
done but there's gonna be a whole lot
that he won't be able to accomplish and
I think that that will further
invigorate people at the local level to
get involved how do I help my homophobic
family to start seeing gay people as
people instead of abominations against
God nature that's in quotes huh you're
in for a you're in for a long fight if
you are religious use the Bible if you
actually sit down and read it there
there's not the context that is used to
attack gay people today in the Bible if
you follow doctrine it doesn't apply and
there there isn't in in the same area
you can show a whole bunch of things
that are not thought of today as immoral
at all much less hugely immoral and I
would use those it's still a long shot I
mean at this point you're literally
arguing against what they believe God
believes so you're definitely in for a
fight
Thank You Nancy West Thank You Maccabees
tack okay as a six foot five man I wish
there was a place I could have yeah
the these shelters there is a limited
number of them for men across the United
States I I think there's only two but I
haven't looked in a very long time but
some of them will provide different
sources to get kind of the same thing
ours on Mercury thank you for you uh
y'all helped me keep my sanity as much
as you know seeing people comment and
agreement or even in disagreement that
that is in a positive light
helps me stay sane Thank You Cory
gunnels thank you Anna LA
Thank You Will Ferrel try to get through
these real quick let's see Thank You Tay
Zonday
Ali Gonzalez Perez thank you please
caucus everyone
Thank You D one two three Thank You
Brooke
broken root crossover sure I'm open to
talking to just about any other youtuber
as long as it's not a debate format it's
more of a conversation there are very
very few people that I wouldn't talk to
thank you
Gussie eight eight nine eight from Chile
and was 10 years old during the start of
the 2010 a tour show what are your
thoughts on 20th century American
imperialism in Latin America I've done a
video on this and the outcomes of it
there are very very very few positives
that that have have come from it most of
it has been in United States economic
interest rather than the interest of
freedom or even foreign policy and there
aren't a lot of situations where we
helped the original idea of what gets
cited was to actually stop colonialism
and instead we wound up kind of doing it
ourselves in a a more subtle fashion
you
Thank You Randi Alan
okay you should do hot ones bow like hot
takes I guess I don't know I get too mad
I tend to calm down I'd like to respond
rather than react to go along with
tonight's video and earlier how do you
get out of poverty without exploiting
people and sacrificing your morals for a
little more money and comfort I wish I
had an answer to that the that is the
trouble is that poverty is cyclical you
get stuck you get stuck because it's
expensive to be poor you know you don't
have the five bucks you need so it ends
up costing you $30 Road it's it's hard
the the people that I have seen do it
they've all done it one way but it's not
something that you can that everybody
can do it's not something that even most
people can do and they will be the first
ones to tell you they were trying
grinding struggling and then they got
lucky most of them started their own
business and by that I don't mean
anything huge I mean a lot of them
started with like landscaping stuff they
could get started up real cheap you know
just started with mowing lawns or
something like that and they did that
while working forty hours but the other
thing that all had in common was they
were single they didn't have kids I have
yet to see anybody get out of poverty
when they have children with the
exception I'm just landing a good job
that helped get them out slowly that's
we need a system change to allow more
mobility
thank you Ice and Fire
the thoughts on the left okay go back to
that we are seeing extreme right-wing
fantasizing about bringing up civil war
and killing all the liberals because
they don't have guns your thoughts on
that please there are a lot of
assumptions the the and and this is true
of both the people saying this and the
people reading it the the assumption
that the people on the Left don't have
firearms is just not true
in fact I think I may actually be the
only one of my circle that doesn't own a
gun and most of them really know how to
use them rather than just shooting paper
the other thing is I think that when
people reading these comments read it
they think they're representative and
they also don't understand the rhetoric
of the right the rhetoric of the
conservative person a lot of it is idle
talk and they know it's idle talk when
they say it now some of them know they
definitely mean it but that's a very
small percentage of a very small group
to begin with
and I don't know that they have the
backing of any large organizations
I think you read and economics didn't
know you did live streams now very
rarely I may start doing like one a
month though thank you Mark a good a
good how good sorry
do you believe an abuser can change
their ways I believe folks could change
but my abuser claims to be getting help
while also following gaslighting
tendencies I think that there is a I
think there's a window in which people
can change I don't know that it's
everybody and if they do it this way
rather than being some stranger on the
Internet you're one of my friends no
they can't get out right now it's not
your job to fix it that's what I would
say if it was somebody that I actually
you know approaching it from an
intellectual standpoint understanding
yeah people can change the question is
will they and will they before something
horrible happens so I always advise when
you're talking about personal safety I
advise certainty over anything else
Thank You Rob d thi e de
are you pro ante for violence some of
these questions are great
let's see Thank You snowflake see Thank
You Mac B stack how much do we need to
raise for you to write an American
history book full of real American
history your approach I need time well
you know what I need I need nanny I need
a nanny that's what that's what I need I
need somebody watch kids
Thank You Tim gray oh oh sorry yeah
that happened y'all were there the first
time okay
so we've got more people coming in just
so you know super Cheston I are going to
benefit a domestic violence shelter
we're gonna takes care of some of their
needs with with money that's coming in
tonight let's see why Curious George
I've had Curious George
stuff for a while it meant something to
a group of people that I worked with
kind of a mascot
if you think about it you know there's
this guy somewhere he's not supposed to
be nobody knows he's there most times
people are looking for him that most
times he's up to no good it kind of fit
and then one of my son's Thank You G
Rooney one of my son's really got into
Curious George and so all this stuff
came back out and then I learned the
origin of the story and it just
everything just kind of fit so it's it
has definitely become my mascot again
how can we set up an interview with you
on Twitter or Facebook would be the
easiest way to reach out
vgf sanity stop donating idiots give to
the homeless notic a yeah so in case you
missed the announcement that this is
actually going to to buy children a
shelter or by children presents for
Christmas that are currently in a
shelter so nice message so thank you big
dread how far do you think internal
reforms can go before the real nasty
elements start shooting also what might
be done about something like that so
internal you know there's that question
is Candace's to be reformed and the
answer is yes can it be reformed into
what I want probably not it's gonna take
a long time to get there if that's the
case there there are a lot of reforms
that can be made in the United States
and they could be done peacefully and
there are revolutions that can't be done
peacefully and that's what we should
strive for I don't like focusing on
those who are calling for violence
because I think it amplifies the idea
that it's necessary and I don't believe
that it is in most cases but I don't I
don't think that those people will have
the support necessary to effect change I
mean they can hurt people they can but I
don't know that it's going to cause
change
Thank You Dark One Andy
have you ever considered running for
office I I don't believe that anybody
can run your life better than you and
that includes me I think I am more
effective here not in office and I know
that I'm just as corruptible as anybody
else and I don't want to put myself in
that situation I'm just as corruptible I
may just have a little bit more
self-discipline
Thank You Sally mcLaughlin we've got a
little bit of a wall opinion on vermin
supreme
he's trying to drive a message Firmin
supreme is the proud not just to see a
presidential candidate of note Thank You
Jerry Watson the he's one of the few
presidential candidates that also has a
Fifth Column
Press Pass his drive to demonstrate the
absurdity of the elections is something
I can get I definitely liked his sense
of humor and who doesn't want a pony so
thank you Mike Noonan what are your
hobbies photography photography
gardening writing stuff like that that's
what I've always enjoyed now though I do
I just spend most my time with my kids
the free time that I have that's
normally what I do what's your opinion
on adverse aerial parenting and its
effects on social cohesion I'll be
honest I don't know what that means
adversarial parent I'll get back to you
on that are you a socialist I don't go
out of my way not to identify my
ideology there's a whole lot of people
that have guessed it in fact I'm sure
within moments somebody is going to
there it is
comment what it is and that that's close
it's not exactly but yeah let's see
explain what the fifth columnist so the
story is that there's a general
approaching a city and he wants the city
to surrender without a fight
so he tells the mayor I've got a column
coming from the north the South the East
in the West I also have a fifth column
that's already inside the city and ready
to open the gates and that induced a
surrender without a shot since then the
term has been used to describe all kinds
of people good and bad when the term
came up and how it's used now the fifth
column news website the idea was that
the media in general it has a lot of
gatekeepers they have a lot of people to
keep the average person from either
getting the information they need or
participating in the process of
journalism so our idea was to be the
media's fifth column and we were going
to open the gates and let people
participate and it's worked that website
has spun off others which are now being
turned into their own standalone
organizations and a lot of journalists
that kind of cut their teeth with us are
now at major outlets and they are
continuing what they learned with us and
I'm actually really proud of how that
worked
thank you throwing down the mask and
thank you
Tim's wiki
you
the fifth column is praxis yeah it is
and it's been more successful than we
could have ever hoped the only problem I
have with only you know best how to run
your own life is that my neighbor knows
best how to landscape his property mines
yeah that is there are problems with
with the idea that everybody can govern
themselves at the point in time we're at
now no not everybody has the
self-discipline necessary to say I am
corruptible and I can be wrong but my
goal would be to work to get us there
slowly but surely incrementally if
necessary
thank you Scott Wilhelm's and thank yous
at Clark what historical resources do
you favor
let's see I I tend to go for stuff that
is written at the time written at the
time of the event you know if I want to
learn about war to read both sides
people from both sides of the the
conflict who were there at the time and
then go back and read somebody that
wrote about it from a historical vantage
point with hindsight I think that gives
you the clearest picture it's not always
the best reading as far as entertaining
because when you do that you have to
read some stuff written by some pretty
messed up people and it's not just what
they did it's messed up you will see it
in their writing what are the chances of
Senate and P Qing trunk I don't know I
will tell you that a few weeks ago I'd
say zero I don't think it's zero anymore
I think it's increasing I think they are
starting to I think they're starting to
see the reaction that it's great
creating and I think that it may it may
start to to cause some actual people to
vote against him in the Senate I don't
know if it's enough to convey though but
I would consider five Republican votes
for conviction I think in the court of
public opinion I think that would be a
conviction and thank you red bow Thank
You Rob Crawford
when did I have an epiphany that I was
different than the friends I grew up
with when I came back after being gone
and I don't know that I'm any different
I think I just had different experiences
you know I was gone for a while and came
back and they're like man you've J and
I'm like you haven't and it's been years
so I don't have I don't know that I am
actually any different I think if the
experience has changed who I was
thoughts on bread tube I am apparently
bread uncle beau of bread - something
like that
like an honorary uncle of it I try not
to get involved in YouTube arguments or
drama it's just not something I want to
do I haven't seen a lot of it from that
set of them and but I mean overall I
definitely enjoy their messages I watch
them
do you have TDS Trump denial syndrome no
no I'm completely aware that he's a
sellout and somebody who's betrayed the
country totally G Rooney thank you do
you think our election system is flawed
yes how do you think it could be fixed
or improved that's a subject of an
upcoming video and I don't want to give
it away I will tell you that the
summation of it is there there's a
debate over what type of system we
should use why not both maybe the
problem is that we make it too easy to
get an office rather than too hard
even not identifying as a socialist you
tend to lean more towards socialist
policies
I like policies that help people so from
that if I have the policies of today
versus the policy of today in the United
States versus the policies of a lot of
other Western countries that dabble in
socialism I would definitely choose
those of other countries thank you deja
a curious what events give you the most
hope for the future of the United States
watching a lot of young people tell
people my age to go climb a tree that's
that's definitely I think that our
younger people have more access to
information and they're using it and I
think that that use is going to lead to
a lot of profound changes there's a
couple people asking about a particular
company I'm not a fan of them I'm very
biased against them so I don't know that
I can rate their trustworthiness some of
my when I started journalism one of my
first things was going through some
email spools that a guy named Jeremy
Hammond got and that
and that kind of soured my view of that
organization a lot so yeah anyway do you
understand economics whatsoever I don't
know I don't know tax the megachurches
signing off I hate you up on Facebook
please so you know it's it's funny and
when it comes to that the the people the
trolls of the page or or trolling here
it amazes me how self-aware they aren't
you know a lot of them talking about
economics for example thank you ticket
ahead yeah they talk about economics and
how you know well you don't want taxes
you don't want this type of stuff and
you don't want safety nets and the
government shouldn't have to fund these
things other institutions should do it
so they come to live stream where that's
actually happening and attempt to
disrupt it because they're very very
bright people the finest people on both
sides do you think that a post-scarcity
society could lead to the world you want
yeah yes absolutely I think that's where
we need to be going hearing impaired
feature can you turn it on next time
please I thought it was
you
let's see what do I think of the
seasteading Institute it's cool that's a
novel idea the bookworm 1980 have you
read the color of money I don't think so
I don't think so
I'll look it up though let's see what it
is are you a Trekkie like Star Trek no
I'm not like a huge fan of any
phenomenon or franchise like that but
I've watched them and I like a lot of
the ideas they get presented in the
subset of the episodes will you
participate in the YouTube walkout I'm
not sure did you donate to team trees
yes thank you
drop them io Imus from Utah thank you
what do you think of ranked choice
voting yes I think that that is
definitely something that can help a lot
in the United States and also help get
rid of the establishments icons that are
in both parties that are kind of really
helping it helping helping keep it down
I was the real ID act I go with Adrienne
Wiley on that one I don't think it's
necessary at all but me much less much
less for the restrictions on flying or
entering certain buildings or anything
like that I don't believe the Real ID
Act is necessary period full stop
so let's see here okay
so we've still got more people coming in
although we're gonna have to wind this
down here shortly
any of the super chance tonight you're
gonna be used to go we're gonna use it
to help out a domestic violence shelter
here in the area so she's gonna be
nearly here where did you go to school I
had a teacher she said question
everything keep it up we need you here
the truth for truth sakes and what did
you do for a living I'm not sure exactly
what's being asked there I think if
you're going where I think you're going
with that I did not attend the
Williamsburg Williamsburg school of
Agriculture I did not go there
that's that's not part of my background
I would suggest watching a video let's
talk about a hundred thousand
subscribers that will probably give you
the answers that you're looking for
CET six seven five is Stratford that's
the company I was talking about I'm very
biased against Radford I don't I don't
know that I can give I don't view them
as a trusted agent I don't view them as
anything but I am extremely biased that
is based on my own personal biases
against I tend to avoid that topic that
company like the plague so trans rights
okay and will way you train police again
maybe it's got to be people that are
trying to do better and don't want to
hurt people
thank you can 0 to 7
all right and
Thank You Natasha next we are we're
about at a time mainly because my
computer's flashing up here that in
three minutes it's gonna die
so so we're definitely gonna have to
close out what do I think of the
American involvement in Bolivia I wish
more people understood what the school
of Americas was will Trump voluntarily
leave office when it's time for him to
go I think so I think so I don't think
he wants to be remembered as that big of
a loser I think he will he will go
quietly
Achille 1776 I do not endorse political
candidates I'm of the firm belief that
anybody would be better than Trump and I
I don't want to I don't want to sway
anybody's vote based on what I believe
is that Clark I used to work I work at a
local radio station would you be opposed
to radio layering your videos no no
alright guys so that's gonna that's
gonna be the end of it I I really
appreciate it and thank you for all the
help and yeah I will definitely post a
video of us either gathering all this
stuff up or dropping it off whatever
something to provide a little bit of an
accountability so you guys know what I'm
actually doing you know I I truly
appreciate all the help and it's just a
thought I'll have a y'all have a good
night